hiring and litigation in IT sector.
In view of the sector's scale and geographical spread, litigation risks can arise from trade disputes, perceived breaches of intellectual property rights and matters related to employment. Most of the firms will be onboarding the campus offers of FY20 in FY21, as of now hiring for Q1 and Q2 for FY21 is stopped. Among the Sector, job security will be weighted above the salary /benefits cut.
Now I would like to hand over to ayushi for further analysis.

Good evening I am Sarthak and i will be analyzing the company cyient. Cyient is focused on engineering, manufacturing, data analytics and networks & operations. Cyient has a diversified base of over 300 customers out of which 29 are fortue 500 companies. The main verticals cyient caters to are aerospace and defense, geospatial, semiconductors, communications and medical technology and healthcare.

In terms of strength Both return on assets and return on equity have been increasing for the last 2 years. Book value per share is also increasing for the last 4 years at a CAGR of 9.3%.  company has zero promoter pledge. In the past few days cyient has gained more than 20% in stock price with higher than average volume.

In terms of weaknesses, company's financials are taking a huge hit due to high dependence on aerospace(6.9% de growth YoY) and transportation(15.9% de growth YoY) across. All verticals except communication showed a degrowth.Comms showed a 1.1% growth QoQ in Q4 FY20. De growth in net profit, profit margin and revenue has left the comany in a turmoil. Net cash flow has also been declining over the last 2 quarters. As you can see in the graph PAT margins have declined from 10% in Q3 to a mere 4% in Q4 of FY20.

Current PE ratio is 8.22. Moreover institutional buying can be seen last few days resulting in good buyer demand. According to the management company has an intention of shifting focus from aerospace to defense (which were 80% and 20% formerly). Geographically revenue from US declined from 56.8% in Q3 to 55.7% in Q4. Expected increased defense spending from US is thus going to give a boost in the financials. Increasing digitization and automation is expected to boost the semiconductor vertical. With higher health consciousness and increased demand for remote monitoring in healthcare devices company beleives there are some good opportunities here to expand. The board of directors has also planned to lift the cap on foreign holdings making it possible for greater FDI.

In terms of forex losses due to 52% share of US$ in the currency mix and high volatality, company has faced huge loss bringing the unrealised loss to -48 million rupees. Company has increased its hedge fund by 10%(to a total of 80%) this one time to mitigate further losses. High capex has resulted in weak free cash flow which is another major threat to the company.

Here are some key financial statements of the company. Additonally, 4Q EBIT margin declined 120bp QoQ. Management expects 1QFY21E revenue to decline by 15-20% QoQ in the worst case. The comapny is expecting the financials to return to normal in Q3 of FY21. All these are figures ending fiscal 31 december.

Moving on the O'Neil Methodology. Both current and annual earnings are low at 4.11 and 31.14 respectively. Buyer demand has increased over the passed few days causing the price to cross the 21 and 50 day moving average. Relative strength is 12 representing very poor performance with bullish trend. The market is volatile at the moment and quite unpredictable due to the ongoing crisis. Recommendation for the stock is to hold as the stock still need to prove itself in terms of EPS and relative strength.

Thank You, now I would like to invite anushka to conclude the seminar.

